{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14040\viewh15060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 LEAD STORY\
\
Possible Story Beat sheet - version 1- 03-12-2020 -TH\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Stat Cat is on his electric gold-encrusted new letterbox chair\
{\listtext	2.	}A married couple of mice emerge from mice hole. One is coughing. "What are you up to, Stat Cat?"\
{\listtext	3.	}I'm a whaddyacall, checking out my new litter box throne I just ordered. What's wrong with you- you got some cough huh? You gotta get some fresh air. The city just built you a new park (looks out window to new park. There are other mice playing on it.)\
{\listtext	4.	}Mice go out to play, brining all their family of children with them (at least 10) (SC: "It's good to know my mice are taken care of.")\
{\listtext	5.	}DD calls. SC gets up from chair. Flips a switch, to empty the litter box. \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}DD: "Hey Stat Cat, can I send you some data? I'm working on this Flint Water data and something's not feeling right. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}SC: "My dial-up is down. Why don't you do it the old-fashioned way and puppy-paw it over here?"\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	6.	}DD arrives and sees throne. Kind of amazed\
{\listtext	7.	}DD starts to show him some data on his computer but the mice come back in a long line. More are coughing.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Stat Cat: "sounds like more of you are coughing. See I told you to stay out of the outdoors, it's making you sick."\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}DD watches as they file in.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Stat Cat wants to watch television but his cable is down too. He goes to check on it.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	8.	}Mice come to DD.  DD is troubled by how sick some of them are. The mice say it just started. DD wants to collect data\
{\listtext	9.	}DATA COLLECTION EVENT HERE. \
{\listtext	10.	}Stat Cat returns with a drink in hand. DD shows SC the data. SC: "I tell you the city is no good. I think they built that new park over a whaddya call, ancient burial ground." SC goes over to his throne with drink.\
{\listtext	11.	}DD is curious. Goes out to park to collect data from other mice playing in park.\
{\listtext	12.	}DATA COLLECTION EVENT HERE. \
{\listtext	13.	}DD Merges DATA EVENT HERE\
{\listtext	14.	}DD talks to the indoor mice. More mice are sick. She is not seeing a correlation between the new park and the sicknesses. \
{\listtext	15.	}DD rushes to SC who is frustrated his 70s lava lamp (or something typically 70s and decorative) isn't working. Maybe a psychedelic fish tank\'85? \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}DD: "Stat Cat, look at this. These mice are getting sick in the same time your wi-fi has been down, and your cable and everything. There must be a correlation related to all these events\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	16.	}DATA LEARNING EVENT\
{\listtext	17.	}DD: "Hey Stat Cat, when did you get this new toilet throne of yours? \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}SC tells him.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}DD has a theory that the gold throne is the problem. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}"The sicknesses are coming from inside the house!"\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}To test it he needs to take the throne out of the house for a few days.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	18.	}DATA LEARNING EVENT\
{\listtext	19.	}After throne is out, the dial-up returns, the cable works and the mice start healing.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}DD discovers reason electric/golden throne/toilet is causing problems \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	20.	}DD convinces Stat Cat to put the throne out for sale or junk on the sidewalk.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Main story problem at this point:
\b0 \
WHAT causes the illnesses? Gold powder? Electromagnetic waves? New litter?}